feat: Add descriptive constant for Azure content filter configuration (#485)
SAP/ai-sdk-js: packages/orchestration/README.md

Use `ContentFilters.buildAzureContentSafety()` function to build an Azure content filter.
The Azure content filter supports four categories: `Hate`, `Violence`, `Sexual`, and `SelfHarm`.

> Each category can be configured with severity levels of `ALLOW_SAFE`, `ALLOW_SAFE_LOW`, `ALLOW_SAFE_LOW_MEDIUM` and `ALLOW_ALL` which correspond to Azure threshold values of 0, 2, 4, or 6 respectively.

Author: True, changed to a table.

Use `buildAzureContentSafetyFilter()` function to build an Azure content filter.
The Azure content filter supports four categories: `Hate`, `Violence`, `Sexual`, and `SelfHarm`.

> Each category can be set to a specific severity level, each of which corresponds to an azure threshold value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each category can be assigned a specific severity level, which corresponds to an Azure threshold value.
```
